"\nBNY Mellon Collaborates with Accenture to Drive Accelerated Growth for Clients\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nApril 12, 2024BNY Mellon Collaborates with Accenture to Drive Accelerated Growth for ClientsNEW YORK; April 12, 2024 – BNY Mellon (NYSE:BK), the global financial services company, is collaborating with Accenture (NYSE:ACN), a leading professional services company, to modernize financial services offerings with an initial focus on data management and analytics product development and delivery. The companies will use leading technologies to unleash the power of data at new speed to help their joint clients drive accelerated growth.\n\nCombining Accenture’s data, AI, and platform engineering expertise with BNY Mellon's comprehensive financial data and analytics services will help accelerate the introduction of new services across private markets and wealth management technology, as well as support expansion into new markets. With the expertise and platforms to help clients achieve their goals, BNY Mellon will also work with Accenture to create exceptional client experiences. The two companies plan to further collaborate on bringing the newly developed services to market in the future to transform the financial services industry.“Transforming how organizations better manage and leverage increasing volumes of data is a priority for BNY Mellon,” said Akash Shah, Chief Growth Officer, BNY Mellon. “By harnessing the latest technology and our shared expertise with Accenture we can support clients in transforming their operating models to utilize the power of their data to drive efficiency and growth. In our 240th year of business, we are proud that our experience helps provide innovative solutions and capabilities for our clients.\"BNY Mellon’s Data & Analytics business is a long-established provider of pre-eminent software, data management and an analytics platform for capital markets with $47T data assets on the platform and more than 800 clients.“BNY Mellon has a bold vision—to reinvent how it serves its clients with data and analytics so that they can reach new levels of agility, performance and returns,” said Jack Azagury, group chief executive for Strategy & Consulting at Accenture. “We are proud to advance our commitment to helping BNY Mellon use next-level technologies to set a new bar for the industry and drive more value creation for its business and its customers, and we are excited about our joint opportunity to bring new capabilities and products to clients in the market.”The collaboration of Accenture and BNY Mellon is the latest announcement by BNY Mellon as part of its technology and ecosystem strategy focused on building new solutions to help its clients grow their businesses. BNY Mellon’s Data & Analytics business recently announced a strategic alliance with Microsoft, focused on transforming the capital markets through leading data management solutions for its buy-side and sell-side clients.About BNY MellonBNY Mellon is a global financial services company that helps make money work for the world—managing it, moving it and keeping it safe. For 240 years we have partnered alongside our clients, putting our expertise and platforms to work to help them achieve their ambitions. Today we help over 90% of Fortune 100 companies and nearly all the top 100 banks globally access the money they need. We support governments in funding local projects and work with over 90% of the top 100 pension plans to safeguard investments for millions of individuals, and so much more. As of December 31, 2023, we oversee $47.8 trillion in assets under custody and/or administration and $2.0 trillion in assets under management.BNY Mellon is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (NYSE: BK). We are headquartered in New York City, employ over 50,000 people globally and have been named among Fortune's World's Most Admired Companies and Fast Company's Best Workplaces for Innovators. Additional information is available on www.bnymellon.com. Follow us on LinkedIn or visit our Newsroom for the latest company news.About AccentureAccenture is a leading global professional services company that helps the world’s leading businesses, governments and other organizations build their digital core, optimize their operations, accelerate revenue growth and enhance citizen services—creating tangible value at speed and scale. We are a talent- and innovation-led company with approximately 742,000 people serving clients in more than 120 countries. Technology is at the core of change today, and we are one of the world’s leaders in helping drive that change, with strong ecosystem relationships. We combine our strength in technology and leadership in cloud, data and AI with unmatched industry experience, functional expertise and global delivery capability. We are uniquely able to deliver tangible outcomes because of our broad range of services, solutions and assets across Strategy & Consulting, Technology, Operations, Industry X and Song. These capabilities, together with our culture of shared success and commitment to creating 360° value, enable us to help our clients reinvent and build trusted, lasting relationships. We measure our success by the 360° value we create for our clients, each other, our shareholders, partners and communities. Visit us at www.accenture.com.# # #Contacts:Jessica ThomasBNY Mellonjessica.thomas@bnymellon.comMichael McGinnAccenture+1 312 693 5707m.mcginn@accenture.comCopyright © 2024 Accenture. All rights reserved. Accenture and its logo are registered trademarks of Accenture\n\n\n"